[CTOR-526] Update Splunk doc page (#3250)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-monitoring-splunk-api.md

| --timeout                                  | Set HTTP timeout.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | --splunk-retries                           | How many times we should retry queries to splunk. To use in par with the --splunk-wait paramater (default: 5)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --splunk-retries                           | How many times we should retry queries to splunk. To use with the --splunk-wait parameter (default: 5)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

> | --splunk-wait                              | How long (in seconds) should we wait between each retry. To use in par with the --splunk-retries paramater (default: 2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --splunk-wait                              | How long (in seconds) should we wait between each retry. To use with the --splunk-retries parameter (default: 2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
